docs: Fix description and default value for sourceMapReferences (#318)
getsentry/sentry-webpack-plugin: README.md

| stripPrefix        | `array`                                                                             | optional | When paired with `rewrite`, will remove a prefix from filename references inside of sourcemaps. Useful for removing a path that is build-machine-specific. Note that this will NOT change the names of uploaded files.                                                                                                                                                          |
| stripCommonPrefix  | `boolean`                                                                           | optional | When paired with `rewrite`, will add `~` to the `stripPrefix` array. Defaults to `false`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | sourceMapReference | `boolean`                                                                           | optional | Determines whether CLI should automatically emit sourcemap references. By default it will store a `Sourcemap` header with minified files so that sourcemaps are located automatically, without the need for `sourceMappingURL` if the tool can detect a link. Defaults to `true`.                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| sourceMapReference | `boolean`                                                                           | optional | Determines whether sentry-cli should attempt to link minified files with their corresponding maps. By default, it will match files and maps based on name, and add a `Sourcemap` header to each minified file for which it finds a map. Can be disabled if all minified files contain `sourceMappingURL`. Defaults to `true`.                                                                                           |
```
